hello guys welcome to toys on the go
today I bring you a set of figures of 'bob
Sponge ' 5 of the protagonists come
of the series
Patrick
squid Mr. Crab
and plankton
do not miss it, they are very funny
you accompany me to bikini city we started
this is the box
if you like this video do not forget to do
click on I like and share and
subscribe to the channel to see new
videos every week is free
in the back you can see the
characters that come included in the
set
I'm going to take them out of the box and see them from
close here are
I'm going to start with Bob Sponja
hi friends
you know you boves a sponge over
rectangular and yellow
always gets into all kinds of
problems without intending it
and can move the arms
He is super friendly
Y
this is your patrician friend
It is a pink starfish and
although it is unintelligent it is quite
nice
He lives in a house next to the bobby
calamardo
m
Y
i
ah
this is squid
he lives in a moai and is a neighbor of bop and
Patrick has a pretty character
pessimistic and he falls the malba and patrician
although they treat you like a friend
plus
This is Mr. Crab or Mr. Crab
he is also known as a genius
crab
is the boss of 'spongebob' and the owner
of the restaurant krusty craft
the most important thing for him is money and
is always looking for some form of
get more
ah
and the last character is plankton
is the owner of the chamba restaurant
is where the food is horrible
is located in front of the crash tic crap
that is much more successful
Plankton is cruel and evil
Y
avoid bitter face of life is the
sad look diminish the side
contradicts the different logic they give me a
model is jellyfish
is seen to cary around here and we're going to
finish improving now the five
characters are going to have a party
bubbles on the bottom of the sea
you point
It has been very fun
do not wait any longer and subscribe to the channel
to see my videos every week
i
two
to
See you in the next video